{{cookiecutter.project_slug}}/script/readme.md, before:

# FAQ

## What are these scripts?

These scripts are a set of boilerplate scripts new developers can run to quickly get started with this project. It tries to follow the [Scripts To Rule Them All](https://github.com/github/scripts-to-rule-them-all) pattern.

### I am a new developer. In what order should I run these scripts?

Welcome aboard! 🎉🎊

The correct order is:

1. `./script/bootstrap`
2. `./script/setup`

You can find more information about these scripts below.

### <a name="bootstrap">Bootstrap</a>

[`script/bootstrap`](bootstrap) is used to install all project dependencies.

You typically have to run this only once.

### <a name="setup">Setup</a>

[`script/setup`](setup) is used to recreate the database and migrate it for you.

This depends on the `createdb` and `dropdb` exectubles having access to your Postgres installation.

#### <a name="setup-troubleshooting">Troubleshooting</a>

In case you get a message similar to this:

```sh
createdb: could not connect to database my_database: FATAL:  role "my_username" does not exist
```

This means you likely have a fresh installation of Postgres. You will need to create Postgres superuser account for yourself. Please replace `<my-user>` with your exact username.

```sh
sudo su - postgres -c "createuser <my-user> --superuser"
```

Enable passwordless authentication from localhost:
```sh
# pg_hba.conf

local   all             all                                     trust
host    all             all             ::1/128                 trust
host    all             all             127.0.0.1/32            trust

```

### <a name="update">Update</a>

[`script/update`](update) is useful to update the project after a fresh pull.

This may be helpful if you have not worked on the project in a while. This script will execute the `bootstrap` script again to make sure dependencies are installed and up-to-date.

### <a name="lint">Lint</a>

[`script/lint`](lint) is used to check the application source code for coding style problems.

If any problems are found some problems can be automatically resolved by running the `script/format` script.

### <a name="format">Format</a>

[`script/format`](format) is used to automatically resolve some coding style problems in the application.

### <a name="test">Test</a>

[`script/test`](test) is used to run the test suite of the application.

You can optionally supply an argument that is a file path. This allows you to run single tests.

### <a name="makemessages">Makemessages</a>

[`script/makemessages`](makemessages) is used to generate .po translation files

Use this to generate translation files from your code. You must translate values in the generated .po files.


### <a name="compilemessages">Compilemessages</a>

[`script/compilemessages`](compilemessages) is used to compile .po translation files to binary .mo files

Use this to compile translation files from .po files. This generates binary .mo files. Please commit these files in git and regenerate them on conflicts.


### <a name="coverage">Coverage</a>

[`script/coverage`](coverage) is used to generate a code coverage report

This script generates a report in the `htmlcov/` directory in the project root. It will also open this report in your webbrowser.

### <a name="clean">Clean</a>

[`script/clean`](clean) is used to clean temporary files.

Sometimes under rare conditions you may experience weird issues. Running this cleaning script may help in these cases.

Commit message:

Add docs script entry to readme

{{cookiecutter.project_slug}}/script/readme.md, after:

# FAQ

## What are these scripts?

These scripts are a set of boilerplate scripts new developers can run to quickly get started with this project. It tries to follow the [Scripts To Rule Them All](https://github.com/github/scripts-to-rule-them-all) pattern.

### I am a new developer. In what order should I run these scripts?

Welcome aboard! 🎉🎊

The correct order is:

1. `./script/bootstrap`
2. `./script/setup`

You can find more information about these scripts below.

### <a name="bootstrap">Bootstrap</a>

[`script/bootstrap`](bootstrap) is used to install all project dependencies.

You typically have to run this only once.

### <a name="setup">Setup</a>

[`script/setup`](setup) is used to recreate the database and migrate it for you.

This depends on the `createdb` and `dropdb` exectubles having access to your Postgres installation.

#### <a name="setup-troubleshooting">Troubleshooting</a>

In case you get a message similar to this:

```sh
createdb: could not connect to database my_database: FATAL:  role "my_username" does not exist
```

This means you likely have a fresh installation of Postgres. You will need to create Postgres superuser account for yourself. Please replace `<my-user>` with your exact username.

```sh
sudo su - postgres -c "createuser <my-user> --superuser"
```

Enable passwordless authentication from localhost:
```sh
# pg_hba.conf

local   all             all                                     trust
host    all             all             ::1/128                 trust
host    all             all             127.0.0.1/32            trust

```

### <a name="docs">Documentation</a>

[`script/docs`](docs) is used to start a webserver so the documentation inside the `docs/` can be previewed.

### <a name="update">Update</a>

[`script/update`](update) is useful to update the project after a fresh pull.

This may be helpful if you have not worked on the project in a while. This script will execute the `bootstrap` script again to make sure dependencies are installed and up-to-date.

### <a name="lint">Lint</a>

[`script/lint`](lint) is used to check the application source code for coding style problems.

If any problems are found some problems can be automatically resolved by running the `script/format` script.

### <a name="format">Format</a>

[`script/format`](format) is used to automatically resolve some coding style problems in the application.

### <a name="test">Test</a>

[`script/test`](test) is used to run the test suite of the application.

You can optionally supply an argument that is a file path. This allows you to run single tests.

### <a name="makemessages">Makemessages</a>

[`script/makemessages`](makemessages) is used to generate .po translation files

Use this to generate translation files from your code. You must translate values in the generated .po files.


### <a name="compilemessages">Compilemessages</a>

[`script/compilemessages`](compilemessages) is used to compile .po translation files to binary .mo files

Use this to compile translation files from .po files. This generates binary .mo files. Please commit these files in git and regenerate them on conflicts.


### <a name="coverage">Coverage</a>

[`script/coverage`](coverage) is used to generate a code coverage report

This script generates a report in the `htmlcov/` directory in the project root. It will also open this report in your webbrowser.

### <a name="clean">Clean</a>

[`script/clean`](clean) is used to clean temporary files.

Sometimes under rare conditions you may experience weird issues. Running this cleaning script may help in these cases.
